alczyk
alka
bagiennik żółtobrewy
bajkałówka
batalion
bażant
bekasik
bernikla białolica
bernikla kanadyjska
bernikla obrożna
bernikla rdzawoszyja
białorzytka
białorzytka pstra
białorzytka pustynna
białorzytka płowa
białorzytka saharyjska
białozór
biegus arktyczny
biegus białorzytny
biegus długoskrzydły
biegus karłowaty
biegus krzywodzioby
biegus malutki
biegus mały
biegus morski
biegus płaskodzioby
biegus płowy
biegus rdzawy
biegus tundrowy
biegus wielki
biegus zmienny
bielaczek
bielik
bielik wschodni
birginiak
bocian biały
bocian czarny
bogatka
brodziec piegowaty
brodziec piskliwy
brodziec plamisty
brodziec pławny
brodziec śniady
brodziec żółtonogi
brzegówka
brzęczka
burzyk balearski
burzyk północny
burzyk szary
burzyk żółtodzioby
bączek
bąk
błotniak stawowy
błotniak stepowy
błotniak zbożowy
błotniak łąkowy
cierlik
cierniówka
cietrzew
cyraneczka
cyraneczka karolińska
cyranka
cyranka modroskrzydła
czajka
czajka stepowa
czajka szponiasta
czajka towarzyska
czapla biała
czapla modronosa
czapla nadobna
czapla purpurowa
czapla siwa
czapla złotawa
czarnogłówka
czarnowron
czeczotka
czeczotka brązowa
czeczotka tundrowa
czernica
czerniczka
czubatka
czyż
derkacz
drop
drozd czarnogardły
drozd obrożny
drozd oliwkowy
drozd rdzawogardły
drozd rdzawoskrzydły
drozd rdzawy
drozdaczek ciemny
drozdoń tajgowy
droździk
drzemlik
dubelt
dudek
dymówka
dzierlatka
dzierzba czarnoczelna
dzierzba pustynna
dzierzba rdzawosterna
dzierzba rudogłowa
dziwonia
dzięcioł białogrzbiety
dzięcioł białoszyi
dzięcioł czarny
dzięcioł duży
dzięcioł trójpalczasty
dzięcioł zielonosiwy
dzięcioł zielony
dzięcioł średni
dzięciołek
dzwoniec
edredon
flaming różowy
fulmar
gadożer
gajówka
gawron
gil
gilak pustynny
gołąb miejski
grubodziób
grzywacz
górniczek
gągoł
gąsiorek
gęgawa
gęsiówka egipska
gęś białoczelna
gęś krótkodzioba
gęś mała
gęś tundrowa
gęś zbożowa
głowienka
głuptak
głuszec
głuszek
hełmiatka
hubara arabska
ibis kasztanowaty
jarząbek
jarzębatka
jaskółka rudawa
jastrząb
jemiołuszka
jer
jerzyk
jerzyk alpejski
jerzyk blady
junko
kalandra czarna
kalandra dwuplamista
kalandra szara
kamieniuszka
kamusznik
kania czarna
kania ruda
kaniuk
kapturka
karliczka
kawka
kazarka rdzawa
kląskawka
kląskawka syberyjska
kobczyk
kobuz
kokoszka
kopciuszek
kormoran
kormoran czubaty
kormoran mały
kos
kowalik
krakwa
kraska
krogulec
krogulec krótkonogi
kropiatka
kruk
krwawodziób
krzyżodziób modrzewiowy
krzyżodziób sosnowy
krzyżodziób świerkowy
krzyżówka
krętogłów
kszyk
kukułka
kulczyk
kulik cienkodzioby
kulik mniejszy
kulik wielki
kulon
kurhannik
kuropatwa
kwiczoł
kwokacz
lelek
lerka
lodowiec
lodówka
łabędź czarnodzioby
łabędź krzykliwy
łabędź niemy
łozówka
łuskowiec
łyska
łęczak
makolągwa
mandarynka
markaczka
markaczka amerykańska
maskonur
mazurek
mewa białogłowa
mewa blada
mewa cienkodzioba
mewa czarnogłowa
mewa delawarska
mewa karaibska
mewa mała
mewa modrodzioba
mewa obrożna
mewa ochocka
mewa polarna
mewa popielata
mewa romańska
mewa różowa
mewa siodłata
mewa siwa
mewa srebrzysta
mewa trójpalczasta
mewa śródziemnomorska
mewa żółtonoga
modraczek
modraszka
mornel
muchołówka białoszyja
muchołówka mała
muchołówka szara
muchołówka żałobna
mysikrólik
myszołów
myszołów włochaty
nagórnik
nawałnik burzowy
nawałnik duży
nur białodzioby
nur czarnoszyi
nur pacyficzny
nur rdzawoszyi
nurnik
nurogęś
nurzyk
nurzyk polarny
oceannik żółtopłetwy
ogorzałka
ogorzałka mała
ohar
oknówka
orlica
orlik grubodzioby
orlik krzykliwy
ortolan
orzechówka
orzeł cesarski
orzeł południowy
orzeł przedni
orzeł stepowy
orzełek
orłosęp
osetnik
ostrygojad
pardwa mszarna
pasterz
paszkot
pelikan kędzierzawy
pelikan różowy
perkoz dwuczuby
perkoz grubodzioby
perkoz rdzawoszyi
perkoz rogaty
perkozek
pełzacz leśny
pełzacz ogrodowy
piaskowiec
piecuszek
piegża
pierwiosnek
pleszka
pliszka cytrynowa
pliszka górska
pliszka siwa
pliszka syberyjska
pliszka żółta
pluszcz
podgorzałka
podróżniczek
pokląskwa
pokrzewka aksamitna
pokrzewka iberyjska
pokrzewka wąsata
pokrzywnica
pomurnik
potrzeszcz
potrzos
poświerka
przepiórka
puchacz
puchacz śnieżny
pustułeczka
pustułka
pustynnik
puszczyk
puszczyk mszarny
puszczyk uralski
pójdźka
płaskonos
płatkonóg płaskodzioby
płatkonóg szydłodzioby
płochacz czarnogardły
płochacz halny
płochacz syberyjski
płomykówka
raniuszek
raróg
raróg górski
remiz
rokitniczka
rożeniec
rudzik
rybaczek srokaty
rybitwa białoczelna
rybitwa białoskrzydła
rybitwa białowąsa
rybitwa czarna
rybitwa czubata
rybitwa krótkodzioba
rybitwa popielata
rybitwa rzeczna
rybitwa różowa
rybitwa wielkodzioba
rybołów
rycyk
rzepołuch
samotnik
sierpówka
sieweczka długonoga
sieweczka mongolska
sieweczka morska
sieweczka obrożna
sieweczka pustynna
sieweczka rzeczna
siewka szara
siewka złota
siewka złotawa
siewnica
sikora lazurowa
sikora uboga
siniak
siwerniak
skowronek
skowronek białoskrzydły
skowrończyk krótkopalcowy
skowrończyk mały
sokół skalny
sokół wędrowny
sosnówka
sowa jarzębata
sroka
srokosz
srokosz północny
sterniczka
strepet
strumieniówka
strzyżyk
syczek
szablodziób
szczudłak
szczygieł
szlachar
szlamiec długodzioby
szlamnik
szpak
sójka
sójka syberyjska
sóweczka
sęp kasztanowaty
sęp płowy
słonka
słowik rdzawy
słowik syberyjski
słowik szary
ścierwnik
ślepowron
śmieszka
śnieguła
śnieżka
śpiewak
świergotek drzewny
świergotek nadmorski
świergotek polny
świergotek rdzawogardły
świergotek stepowy
świergotek szponiasty
świergotek tajgowy
świergotek łąkowy
świerszczak
świerszczak melodyjny
świstun
świstun amerykański
świstunka ałtajska
świstunka brunatna
świstunka grubodzioba
świstunka górska
świstunka iberyjska
świstunka leśna
świstunka północna
świstunka złotawa
świstunka żółtawa
tamaryszka
terekia
trzciniak
trzcinniczek
trzcinniczek kaspijski
trzmielojad
trznadel
trznadel białogłowy
trznadel czarnogłowy
trznadel czubaty
trznadel rudogłowy
trznadel szarogłowy
trznadel złotawy
trznadel złotobrewy
trznadelek
turkan
turkawka
turkawka wschodnia
uhla
uhla azjatycka
uszatka
uszatka błotna
warzęcha
wieszczek
wilga
wireonek czerwonooki
wodniczka
wodnik
wrona siwa
wróbel
wróbel skalny
wydrzyk długosterny
wydrzyk ostrosterny
wydrzyk tęposterny
wydrzyk wielki
wójcik
wąsatka
włochatka
zaganiacz
zaganiacz blady
zaganiacz mały
zaganiacz szczebiotliwy
zaroślówka
zausznik
zielonka
zimorodek
zięba
zniczek
żołna
żuraw
żuraw stepowy
żwirowiec stepowy
żwirowiec łąkowy